# User Agreement for "Eviloma ID" Authentication Service

Last Updated: May 26, 2023

This agreement is entered into between you (hereinafter referred to as the "User") and Eviloma (hereinafter referred to
as "We," "Us," "Our"), the owner and operator of the "Eviloma ID" authentication service (hereinafter referred to as
the "Service"). By using the Service, the User agrees to this Agreement and undertakes to comply with its terms.

## 1. Description of the Service

The "Eviloma ID" service is an authentication service that allows Users to create accounts and use them to interact with
other "Eviloma" services and partners. To register for the Service, Users must be at least 13 years old and accept the
terms of this Agreement.

## 2. Registration and Authorization

To use the Service, registration and authorization are required. The User must provide accurate and complete information
about themselves during registration and keep it up to date. The User should not use any other identification data
except for those issued by the Service.

## 3. Gravatar

The Gravatar service, owned by Automattic Inc., is used to obtain the user's avatar in the Service. To use this service,
the User must accept the terms of use of Gravatar.

## 4. Discord OAuth

Users can link their Discord account and use it to interact with other services on "Eviloma." The connection to Discord
is made using the OAuth2 protocol, which allows users to authenticate without entering their login and password on the
Service.

By linking their Discord account to the Service, users consent to the use of their Discord data, such as username, user
ID, avatar, and other relevant information necessary for authentication and ensuring the functionality of the Service.
This data is used only within the scope of the Service and is not shared with third parties without the user's prior
consent, except in cases where it is necessary to comply with the law or ensure the safety and protection of our rights
and the rights of other users of the Service.

Please note that we are not responsible for any actions or damages arising from the use of the user's Discord account on
the Service. Users should exercise caution and adhere to the rules and security policies set by Discord.

## 5. Google OAuth

Users have the option to link their Google account and use it to interact with other services on "Eviloma." The
connection to Google is made using the OAuth2 protocol, which allows users to authenticate without entering their login
and password on the Service.

To use Google OAuth, users must grant access to their Google account data, such as name, email address, and other
information that may be provided by Google. We are committed to respecting privacy policies and using this data only for
authentication and ensuring the functionality of the Service.

Users must have an active Google account to use Google OAuth for logging into the Service.

## 6. Google Captcha and Google Analytics

Google Captcha is used on the Service to protect against automated data entry. Additionally, Google Analytics is used on
the Service for analytics purposes. The data collected by Google Analytics is used for analyzing and improving the
functionality of the Service.

## 7. Account Deletion

To request the deletion of your account on the Service, you can contact us via email at <support@eviloma.org>. Please
indicate in your request that you wish to delete your account.

Upon receiving your request, we will proceed with the account deletion process. According to our policies, this process
may take up to 14 days. During this period, your account will be deactivated, and any information stored about you on
the Service will be deleted.

## 8. Disclaimer

We are not liable for any issues that may arise during the use of the Service, including data loss or other material
damages caused by the use of the Service.

## 9. Changes to the Agreement

We reserve the right to modify this Agreement from time to time, including for compliance with the law. Users should
regularly review this Agreement for any changes. By continuing to use the Service after changes have been made to the
Agreement, users agree to the modified terms.

Thank you for using our service!